README.md, before:

# Interactive Tarot Reader

A modern web application that provides interactive Tarot card readings with beautiful animations and intuitive user experience.

## Features

- Interactive card selection with smooth animations
- Dynamic card shuffling and selection
- Personalized reading recommendations
- Follow-up question support
- Beautiful and responsive UI

## Tech Stack

- Python 3.x
- Flask (Web Framework)
- SQLite (Database)
- HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript (Frontend)
- Jinja2 (Templating)

## Project Structure

```
tarot-reader/
├── static/          # Static files (CSS, JS, images)
├── templates/       # HTML templates
├── app.py          # Main application file
├── database.py     # Database models and operations
├── requirements.txt # Project dependencies
└── README.md       # Project documentation
```

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tarot-reader.git
cd tarot-reader
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the application:
```bash
python app.py
```

5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5000`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Implement tarot card reader with coverflow layout, card selection, and API integration

README.md, after:

# Interactive Tarot Reader

A modern web application that provides interactive Tarot card readings with beautiful animations and intuitive user experience.

## Privacy Notice

This application is designed with your privacy in mind:
- No user data is stored or collected
- All readings are performed in real-time and not saved
- No cookies are used to track user sessions
- All interactions are completely anonymous
- No personal information is required to use the application

## Features

- Interactive card selection with smooth animations
- Dynamic card shuffling and selection
- Personalized reading recommendations
- Follow-up question support
- Beautiful and responsive UI

## Tech Stack

- Python 3.x
- Flask (Web Framework)
- HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript (Frontend)
- Jinja2 (Templating)

## Project Structure

```
tarot-reader/
├── static/          # Static files (CSS, JS, images)
├── templates/       # HTML templates
├── app.py          # Main application file
├── requirements.txt # Project dependencies
└── README.md       # Project documentation
```

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tarot-reader.git
cd tarot-reader
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the application:
```bash
python app.py
```

5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5000`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
